CASMINST-4866 Layout Changes for install/README.md (#1934)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/prepare_site_init.md

The `shasta-cfg` directory included in the CSM release tarball includes relatively static,
installation-centric artifacts, such as:

> - Cluster-wide network configuration settings required by Helm Charts deployed by product stream Loftsman Manifests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cluster-wide network configuration settings required by Helm charts deployed by product stream Loftsman manifests
```

- [Sealed Secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets)
- Sealed Secret Generate Blocks -- a form of plain-text input that renders to a Sealed Secret
- Helm Chart value overrides that are merged into Loftsman Manifests by product stream installers

> ## 2. Create and Initialize Site-Init Directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Create and initialize Site-Init directory
```

> **`NOTE`** If the pre-installation is resuming here, ensure the environment variables have been properly set

> > by following [set environment variables](./pre-installation.md#15-set-reusable-environment-variables) and then coming back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> by following [set environment variables](pre-installation.md#15-set-reusable-environment-variables) and then coming back
```

> > to his page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> to this page.
```

Author: lol

The `shasta-cfg` directory included in the CSM release tarball includes relatively static,
installation-centric artifacts, such as:

- Cluster-wide network configuration settings required by Helm charts deployed by product stream Loftsman manifests
- [Sealed Secrets](https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets)
- Sealed Secret Generate Blocks -- a form of plain-text input that renders to a Sealed Secret
- Helm chart value overrides that are merged into Loftsman manifests by product stream installers

## 2. Create and initialize Site-Init directory

> **`NOTE`** If the pre-installation is resuming here, ensure the environment variables have been properly set

> > by following [set environment variables](pre-installation.md#15-set-reusable-environment-variables) and then coming back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> by following [Set reusable environment variables](pre-installation.md#15-set-reusable-environment-variables) and then coming back
```

    - Replace the `Username` and `Password` references in match the existing settings of your system hardware components.

    > **`NOTE`**
    >
    > - The `cray_reds_credentials` are used by the River Endpoint Discovery Service (REDS) for River components.
    > - The `cray_meds_credentials` are used by the Mountain Endpoint Discovery Service (MEDS) for the liquid-cooled components in an Olympus (Mountain) cabinet.
    > - The `cray_hms_rts_credentials` are used by the Redfish Translation Service (RTS) for any hardware components which are not managed by Redfish, such as a ServerTech PDU in a River Cabinet.
    >

>     > See the `Decrypt Sealed Secrets for Review` section of [Manage Sealed Secrets](../operations/security_and_authentication/Manage_Sealed_Secrets.md#decrypt-sealed-secrets-for-review)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > See the `Decrypt Sealed Secrets for Review` section of [Manage Sealed Secrets](../operations/security_and_authentication/Manage_Sealed_Secrets.md#decrypt-sealed-secrets-for-review),
```

>     if you need to examine credentials from prior installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > in order to examine credentials from prior installations.
```

    diff ${SITE_INIT}/customizations.yaml ${SITE_INIT}/customizations.yaml.prepassword
    ```

> 1. (`pit#`) Validate that REDS/MEDS/RTS credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) Validate that REDS/MEDS/RTS credentials are correct.
```

>     For all credentials, Make sure `Username` and `Password` values are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For all credentials, make sure that `Username` and `Password` values are correct.
```

    create it automatically.

    > **`NOTE`** The following commands were verified using OpenSSL
    > version `1.1.1d` and use the `-nameopt RFC2253` option to ensure
    > consistent formatting of distinguished names.
    > Unfortunately, older versions of OpenSSL may not support
    > `-nameopt` on the `s_client` command or may use a different
    > default format. However,

>     > you should be able to extract the issuer certificate manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > the issuer certificate can be manually extracted
```

>     > from the output of the above `openssl s_client` example if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > from the output of the above `openssl s_client` example, if the
```

    create it automatically.

    > **`NOTE`** The following commands were verified using OpenSSL
    > version `1.1.1d` and use the `-nameopt RFC2253` option to ensure

>     > consistent formatting of distinguished names (DNs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > consistent formatting of distinguished names.
```

    create it automatically.

    > **`NOTE`** The following commands were verified using OpenSSL
    > version `1.1.1d` and use the `-nameopt RFC2253` option to ensure
    > consistent formatting of distinguished names.
    > Unfortunately, older versions of OpenSSL may not support
    > `-nameopt` on the `s_client` command or may use a different

>     > default format. As a result, your mileage may vary; however,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > default format. However,
```

    1. (`pit#`) Set `localRoleAssignments` in `customizations.yaml`.

       > **`NOTE`** This example sets `localRoleAssignments` for the LDAP groups `employee`,

>        > `craydev`, and `shasta_admins` to be the admin role and the LDAP group `shasta_users`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       > `craydev`, and `shasta_admins` to be the `admin` role, and the LDAP group `shasta_users`
```

>        > to be the user role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       > to be the `user` role.
```

1. (Optional) Configure PowerDNS zone transfer and DNSSEC. See the [PowerDNS Configuration Guide](../operations/network/dns/PowerDNS_Configuration.md) for more information.

>    - If zone transfer is to be configured review `customizations.yaml` and ensure the `primary_server`, `secondary_servers`, and `notify_zones` values are set correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If zone transfer is to be configured, then review `customizations.yaml` and ensure that the `primary_server`, `secondary_servers`, and `notify_zones` values are set correctly.
```

    cd "${PITDATA}"
    ```

> 1. `site-init` is now prepared. Resume [initialize the LiveCD](pre-installation.md#36-initialize-the-livecd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `site-init` is now prepared. Resume [Initialize the LiveCD](pre-installation.md#36-initialize-the-livecd).
```
